Oh hi friends
you're probably wondering what i'm doing with these binoculars.
Well, I've been looking out my window for my friend Rose.
She said she was going to stop by and leave a special tree on my porch sometime this morning.
She didn't tell me what time this morning, so I'd been waiting.
you know waiting isn't always an easy thing to do.
Especially if you're waiting on something special.
Or a surprise of some sort.
You know, sometimes it's not.
Hard to wait
Like if you're playing a card game with some friends,
You can wait your turn or if you're um
Shooting baskets and it's not your turn?
It's not so hard to wait.
But at other times,
Waiting can be hard.
You know, why don't you take a moment?
And talk to somebody who's watching this with you, is in the room with you.
And tell them when is it hard for you to wait?
Now, as I said, for me, it's hard for me to wait for something special.
Jesus had told his disciples that he was going to send them something special.
We talked about it last week.
Jesus promised,
He was going to send them the Holy Spirit.
The holy spirit would come and dwell with them
And remind them of what Jesus had said.
Help them to make wise decisions.
because Jesus was going back to heaven to be with his father God.
Now this was something very special.
Jesus told them that they needed to wait in Jerusalem
For the holy spirit to come
So
As we watch our video
And sing our song
maybe i can work on being better at waiting for my friend rose to come.
I'll see you back in a few minutes.
Hi, I'm Paul. In my former book, Theopolis, I wrote about all that Jesus began to do and teach until the day he was taken up to heaven, after giving instructions to the.
is through the Holy Spirit to the apostles he had chosen. Amen.
After his suffering, he showed himself to these men and gave many convincing proofs that he was alive. He appeared to them over a period of forty days and spoke.
and spoke about the kingdom of God.
On one occasion while he was eating with them,
He gave them this command.
Do not leave Jerusalem, but wait for the gift that my father has promised, which you have heard me speak about.
For John baptized this water, but in a few days ye will be baptized with the Holy Spirit.
So when they met together they asked him
Lord, are you at this time going to restore the kingdom to Israel?
He said to them,
It is not for you to know the times or dates the father has set by his own authority.
But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you, and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem and Israel.
All Judea and Samaria into the ends of the earth.
After he said this, he was taken up before their very eyes, and a cloud hid him from their sight.
They were looking intently up into the sky as he was going, when suddenly two men dressed in white stood beside them.
Men of gallery, they said.
Why do you stand here looking into the sky? This same Jesus who has been taken from you into heaven will come back in the same way you have seen him.
In him go into heaven. Amen.
Let's sing Acts 1a together you guys. We're gonna start by moving around like this and then we're gonna clap our hands. You ready?
All right, now this song is all about how God gave us the Holy Spirit.
And when he did that we got great power. Let's start by singing.
Everywhere.
Tax Lanais.
All right, you guys.
Let me see a little bit
And can you clap your hands?
Ah, skin hands in the air.
All right, you guys, we're going to sing that all over again, but you will receive power. Let's sing it out together.
Where as loud as you can.
One inch.
Sing it out.
All right, you guys, then we're going to get down really low
Can you guys go down really really low?
Good job now let's bring it up
And everyone, let's go!
And let me see you dancing.
Good job, let's sing, but you'll receive power.
Now everywhere as loud as you can.
1A.
All right, you guys, let's dance together.
And can you clap your hands?
And let me see you turn.
Hey friends!
So what did you think of that video?
yes jesus did rise up to go to heaven to be with god.
And the disciples
Hopefully.
We're excited because the Holy Spirit was coming.
But like I had to do for my friend, Rose,
They had to wait.
And look, the waiting was worth it.
She brought me my favorite drink.
And she brought me the next book in the series that I'm reading.
You know
We can do things to help us to be better waiters.
Now,
Talking to you all
Seeing the video and singing the song
Make my waiting not so bad
There are things that we can do to help us to wait
Let's say, um, the disciples.
They were praying.
And they were together while they were waiting.
I know that helped them.
Why don't you talk to somebody who's in the room with you right now?
About what are some things that you could do when you have to wait on something?
God uses waiting in our lives to help us to be more patient,
To help us to be thankful when what we're waiting for
Finally arrives.
I'm very thankful for what my friend brought me. Now, she didn't go out and buy this stuff. She had some coke there at home and this book is actually hers, but it's the next one.
Next one in the series that I'm currently reading is
You know, you could do something like that for somebody.
A lot of us are at home waiting for
Um, everything to reopen.
Waiting to get back to our normal schedules
So you could
Actually help somebody by maybe bringing a little surprise and dropping off on their porch.
Like I said, it doesn't have to be something that you go out and buy.
Rose had these at her house.
We need to learn how to wait
And to be thankful when the waiting is over.
Thank you for joining me today and helping me.
To be a, to be better at waiting.
I hope you will join us again next week.
When,
What the disciples have been waiting for, what Jesus promised, will actually happen.
I also hope you'll join us on Thursdays at 11 o'clock.
For sfcc family connect live.
So,
Have a great day and I'm off to have some coke.
and read my book.
Bye everyone!